Input list sorted based on time stamp (#221)
dcs4cop/xcube: docs/source/cli/xcube_gen.rst

                                      slices.
      --prof                          Collect profiling information and dump
                                      results after processing.

>       --no_sort                       The input file list wont be sorted before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --no_sort                       The input file list will not be sorted before
```

                                      creating the xcube dataset. If --no_sort

>                                       parameter is passed, order the input list

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
parameter is passed, the order of the input list
```
